//ZENSAR
Advantage/Disadvantage of Components
Pure Components
HOC
Functional Vs State Component
Concept of Redux Architecture
Concepts of Hooks, type definition and utilities
Data passing from one component to another for child-parent,parent-child and unrelated components
Concepts of API integration with REST services
New Feature in ES6, Arrow Function Spread Operators, Immutability, Var vs const vs let
Diff btween primitive and non primitive datatypes
Logical testing on palindrome, reverse string, check anagram without using predefined js method
New Feature in HTML
Auth token Concept
Media Queries Concept/animations
CSS tricks and concepts

Q. Differences between var, let, and const
var	let	const
The scope of a var variable is functional or global scope.	The scope of a let variable is block scope.	The scope of a const variable is block scope.
var can be updated and re-declared in the same scope.	let can be updated but cannot be re-declared in the same scope.	const can neither be updated or re-declared in any scope.
It can be accessed without initialization as its default value is “undefined”.	let cannot be accessed without initialization otherwise it will give ‘referenceError’.	const cannot be accessed without initialization, as it cannot be declared without initialization.

Q. Difference Between Primitive and Non Primitive Data Structure?
Primitive data structure	Non Primitive Data structure
Primitive data structure is the data structure that allows you to store only single data type values.	Non-Primitive data structure is a data structure that allows you to store multiple data type values.
integer, boolean, character, float, etc. are some examples of primitive data structures.	Array, Linked List, Stack, etc. are some examples of non-primitive data structures.
Primitive data structure always contains some value i.e. these data structures do not allow you to store NULL values.	You can store a NULL value in the non-primitive data structures.

//CTS
GetMemo
UseMemo
Middleware - Thung and Saga
UseEffect
UseSate
Hooks
Batching of SetState
Destructring in React
Rerender
Optimizzation in React
Arrow Function
High Order Function



